PREP TIME                                       COOK TIME
30minutes mins                                  45minutes mins


COURSE                  CUISINE                 CALORIES            SERVINGS
Soup                    West African            120 kcal            2



INGREDIENTS
  
olonka palm nuts
pound cow meat
5 pieces crabs
1 smoked salmon
3 pieces large onions
5 pieces medium-sized garden eggs
5 pieces red bell pepper
4 pieces garlic gloves
2 maggi cubes
pound wele
1 ginger
1 tbsp salt


INSTRUCTIONS
 
Pour palm nuts into a clean bowl and wash thoroughly with clean water.
Place in a large cooking pot and boil under high heat for about 30 minutes until its soft enough.
Remove from fire, drain water and pour into a mortar.
Pound mixture gently until all the covering of the palm nuts fall off the nuts.
Place the pounded mixture into a bowl and cover it.
Wash meat and cut into smaller pieces and place into a clean cooking pot.
Wash ginger, garlic and onions and blend mixture together.
Pour the blended mixture over the chopped meat.
Add some spice and steam until the meat softens.
Clean the crabs and dry fish and set aside.
Add fresh tomatoes, garden eggs, peper and onions into the steaming pot.
Add little amount of water and increase heat to boil.
Add a litre of hot water to the pounded palm nut you set aside earlier.
The water should be moderately hot so that you can put your hands inside.
Mix thoroughly with your hands.
Take the fibre part of the mixture bit by bit and sqeeze the liquid out and set aside.
Sieve the mixture until you have enough liquid with no fibres in it.
Place a colander over the pot of meat and gently pour the palmnut mixture into it.
Allow the soup to cook over high heat.
Remove the tomatoes, onions, garden eggs and pepper and mash together.
Add it back into the cooking pot.
Add maggi cubes
Add crabs
Add dry fish or salmon
Stir gently to avoid mashing the fish.
Cook for over 15 to 20 minutes until the surface turns oily.
Your soup is ready.
SOURCE: MY RECIPE JOINT