Pan-Seared Tilapia

Learn how to cook tilapia with this easy, 15-minute recipe for pan-seared tilapia that's delicious and full of flavor. 
This simple method of cooking fish fillets is great for a weeknight meal. Serve with fresh veggies.

Recipe by AppleChef 

What Is Tilapia?
Tilapia is a freshwater white fish with a pleasantly flaky texture and mild flavor. It's one of the most popular types of 
fish in the United States because it's inexpensive, easy to find, and easy to prepare.

Tilapia Seasoning
There are plenty of delicious ways to season tilapia, but we're partial to the flavors found in this recipe: salt, pepper, lemon juice, flat-leaf parsley, and fresh thyme. If you want to spice things up a bit, try adding garlic and/or cayenne pepper.

How to Cook Tilapia
You'll find the full, step-by-step recipe below — but here's what you can expect when you make this top-rated 
pan-seared tilapia:

Season the tilapia on both sides with salt and pepper. Place flour in a shallow dish, then press each filet into the flour and shake off any excess. Heat olive oil in a skillet and sear tilapia on both sides until it flakes easily with 
a fork. Brush the filets with melted butter, remove from the skillet, drizzle with lemon juice, and garnish with herbs.

How Long to Cook Tilapia?
Tilapia cooks relatively quickly on the stove — this recipe will be ready in about eight minutes (four minutes of cooking on each side).

Ingredients
4 (4 ounce) tilapia fillets

salt and ground black pepper to taste

½ cup all-purpose flour

1 tablespoon olive oil

2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted

1 tablespoon lemon juice, or to taste (Optional)

1 teaspoon chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley, or to taste (Optional)

½ teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, or to taste (Optional)

Directions

Step 1:
Rinse tilapia fillets in cold water and pat dry with paper towels. Season both sides of each fillet with salt and pepper.

Step 2:
Place flour in a shallow dish. Gently press each fillet into the flour to coat and shake off any excess.

Step 3:
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook tilapia fillets in the hot oil, in batches if necessary, 
until fish flakes easily with a fork, about 4 minutes per side.

Step 4:
Brush melted butter onto the tilapia fillets in the last minute before removing from the skillet.

Step 5:
Drizzle fillets with lemon juice and garnish with parsley and thyme.